1st.picture Dr. James C. Cooper teaches Economic Foundations of Legal Studies for the TFAS Legal Studies Institute (LSI). He is an associate professor of law and director of the Program on Economics and Privacy (PEP) at George Mason University Antonin Scalia Law School.
2nd Antonia Carver is the director of Art Jameel, overseeing its work across heritage, education, and the arts. Prior to joining Art Jameel, she was director of Art Dubai. During her tenure, this annual event became the leading international fair for the Middle East and South Asia, and the world’s most global, including a diverse educational and not-for-profit program.
3rd picture Sir Timothy John Berners-Lee, OM, KBE, FRS, FREng, FRSA, DFBCS, RDI (born 8 June 1955), also known as TimBL, is an English computer scientist best known as the inventor of the World Wide Web. He is a Professorial Fellow of Computer Science at the University of Oxford and a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
4th picture Kim Young-sam was a South Korean politician and activist who served as the seventh president of South Korea from 1993 to 1998.
5th picture Lawrence Mark Sanger is an American Internet project developer and philosopher who co-founded the online encyclopedia Wikipedia along with Jimmy Wales. Sanger coined the name and wrote much of Wikipedia's original governing policy, such as "Neutral point of view".
6th picture Lawrence Edward Page is an American business magnate, computer scientist and internet entrepreneur. He is best known for co-founding Google with Sergey Brin. Page was the CEO (chief executive officer) of Google from 1997 until August 2001 (stepping down in favor of Eric Schmidt) then from April 2011 until July 2015 when he moved to become CEO of Alphabet Inc.
